docs: add deferImport (#7638)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/lazy-loading.mdx

...
```

## Defer Import Example

> W> This section does not lazy "load" a module, but lazy "evaluate" a module. This means that the module is still downloaded and parsed, but its evaluation is lazy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> This feature does not lazily "load" a module, but it lazily "evaluates" a module. This means that the module is still downloaded and parsed, but its evaluation is lazy.
```
